Copy update RE EHR (#4081)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/medications/e-prescibe.md

# E-Prescribe (eRx)

Medplum allows enabling e-prescribe(eRx) functionality.

> e-Prescribe functionality is only available as part of [Medplum EHR](/solutions/medplum-ehr) and for provider organizations (not for software partners or resellers).

Reviewer: Let's make this stronger and make it clear that there is not such thing as a provider organization that can redistribute. Also, wrap in an admonition to make it stand out

```suggestion
::: warning
Medplum's e-prescribe functionality is exclusively available to providers directly engaged in patient care as part of [Medplum EHR](/solutions/medplum-ehr) . Applications that embed or resell this functionality are strictly prohibited. 
:::
```
